hey guys is Matthew goldsman from gamers
cast and here's my review of Super Mario
Brothers the lost levels for the
nintendo wii virtual console now
originally this game is released in
japan back in the mid 1980s we haven't
gotten it the full untouched version of
it until now thanks to the wii virtual
console well new feature of being able
to download import foreign she's pretty
awesome if you ask me now now why did we
never see this version of it and what
was the thing we got well what happened
is people the folks at Nintendo of
America thought American gamers would be
turned off and turned away from this
game because of its difficulty we
thought it would be so hard that
American gamers wouldn't like it and it
pretty much was the exact same I'm for
being too repetitive or something like
along those lines and map said I when I
first opened pledged started playing
this game both of those were very well
the very good points that they actually
maybe cuz yes it is very repetitive to
the first one and yes it is very hard
now if you want to challenge and you
pretty much Wiz the original Super Mario
Brothers this one's for you now let's
look at the game let's get away from the
history and let's look at the game
itself just forgetting about everything
else about it
it's the exact same thing as the
original Super Mario Brothers it picks
off it picks up where the original left
off and with the about same difficulty
that the original left off with and it
just gets worse and worse from there
there's about 20 more levels in this one
than the original and worlds are a bit
longer as well two-player mode was also
taken away from the game and the Stott
the graphic style is pretty much
untouched except for a few minor minor
details that were changed in poison must
pose in this mushrooms were added into
the mix aside from that it's pretty much
straightforward super mario brother
8-bit super mario brothers that we've
all come to know and love with new
environments so if you're hardcore Super
Mario Brothers fan this will be
something you don't want to pick up
because it will be a huge challenge and
what be quite interesting because of how
much harder this game actually is now so
but since not its classic Mario platform
it feels good to get but it isn't really
it hasn't been changed from the original
so we can't give it that high of a score
the only thing that was really added was
poisonous mushrooms everything else is
the exact same actually you could take
us as an expansion pack to the originals
all that it's just levels that are
tacked on at the end at all it is of
course this game was re-released for the
SNES in America with better graphics so
if you have that you might not want to
pick this up unless you just want to go
retro and have the 8-bit field flavor
too
aside from that Super Mario Brothers the
lost levels as we call it here now is a
pretty straightforward game and it's up
to you whether you want to pick it up
price tag of this is 600 we points as
opposed to the original thought the
usual 500 for virtual console titles so
it's an extra dollar but if but if you
just love the original Super Mario
Brothers and you want to have more added
on to it then it's definitely worth
picking up but aside from that nothing
else was really changed from the
original game style so all in all Super
Mario Brothers the lost levels as will
call it get a score of an eight point
four out of 10